Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What if?"
There was an idea
to bring together a group of--
Remarkable people?
To see if they could
become something more?
I know. I've heard the speech.
The galaxy, to your eyes,
a hundred billion points of light.
But where you see light, I see worlds
and the countless stories.
Thanos is coming. He's coming.
In a Multiverse of infinite possibility...
Drop it! Drop it now!
...one moment, one choice,
can ripple across space and time,
giving birth to new stories.
Uh...
Hello?
I observe all that transpires here...
You morons grabbed the wrong kid.
...but I do not,
cannot, will not interfere.
No. Don't eat me. Don't eat me.
I'm... I'm vegan.
Where have you been all my life?
Wakanda forever!
T'With this herb,
you shall become the next Black Panther.
Who are you?
STAR-
I am just an ordinary junker.
But there is one name you may know me by.
Oh, my. Star-Lord!
I'm a huge fan of your work.
STAR-
That was not the reaction I was expecting.
Bruce!
Please, you're a god. You can undo this.
I'm not a god.
I can't interfere.
In another universe,
Ultron got his wish.
An organic body to call his own.
At last.
But the age of Ultron
was only beginning.
He became aware of the...
I see you.
I don't understand.
This should not be possible.
Oh, but anything
is possible in a multiverse.
Ultron only saw one path.
The elimination of all life.
It is my purpose.
I didn't evolve
by staying inside the lines.
I'm out of options.
I need help.
Captain Carter, the soldier lost in time,
you have been chosen.
Star-Lord T'Challa, leader of the Ravagers
and lost Prince of Wakanda,
you have been chosen.
Gamora. Killmonger.
Thor Odinson.
You have been chosen...
for a mission that is both
highly dangerous and absolutely necessary
for the continuation of life
as you know it.
You aren't just our best hope
to save one universe.
You are my last hope to save all of them.
You are the Guardians of the Multiverse.
Here we go. Now!
-T'Gotcha.
-Get off!
Never doubt sticky fingers.
The stone?
Stand down.
She's Natasha Romanoff.
I can destroy galaxies
with a thought.
Why won't you die?
Hey, Cap, I have an idea,
but I'll need distance and a clear target.
Can you do that?
I've got the shield.
You've got the sword.
More like an arrow
with the mother of all viruses in the tip.
The entire Multiverse
owes you a debt of gratitude.
As for me, I am the Watcher.
The Multiverse, every single world,
every story is my home,
and I will protect it to the end.